[Music]
you're in one of the last remaining
paths of the once fasts March and
rainforest
[Music]
look around you might notice you're not
alone this is the smallest Rhino in the
world just to fit the size of her
African cousins she's also one of the
rarest with fewer than 70 Sumatran
rhinos thought to be left in the wild
[Music]
very few people ever see these animals
but today you're one of the lucky ones
[Music]
these rhinos are usually solitary but
this one is still young
can you hear that those calls are the
mother and it sounds like she's nearby
[Music]
ah ESMA these vocalizations help them
find each other in the dense forests
two Sumatran rhinos right in front of
you this is an extremely rare than
privileged site in the heat of the day
it may exceed 30 degrees Celsius and
this mud bath is an ideal place to cool
down
[Music]
muddy pools like this also protect their
skin from insects and parasites they can
spend large amounts of their time
wallowing but time is running out for
this critically endangered animals these
two are protected within a secret forest
location so can live safely and
peacefully but poaching habitat loss and
isolation are pushing Samata and rhinos
to extinction
[Music]
these might even be the last we see of
the species